01: Debian is a free operating system that a group of individuals came togethor to create!
  : Debian systems currently use the Linux kernel or the FreeBSD kernel.

02: MORE BS.

03: MORE BS.

04: Who displays who was last logged in.
  : -b option shows time of last system boot!

05: Service is a file in your /ect/! It contains information regarding the known services available in the DARPA internet! DARPA aka (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency).
  : SSH aka (Secure Shell), uses port 22 to allow your computer to connect to another computer throught the internet! crazyyyyy stuff. 

06: MORE BS.

07: A PID aka (process identification number) is an identification number that is automatically assigned to a process in a unix-like operating systemm.
  : The PS displays information about all your information about all of your processes that have controlling terminals!
  : aux is made up of a u and x options that come with the ps command!
  : -a displays information about other users! processes as well as your own! Any process without a controlling terminal is skipped.
  : -u displays the processes belonging to the specific usernames.
  : -x displays processes that do not have controlling terminals. The opposite of -X.
  
08: RSA key is a private key based on the RSA algorithum. These keys are used for authentication and a symetric key exchange during establishment of an SSL/TLS session.
  : TSL (Transport Layer Security)
  : SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)
  : Both are public key cryptographys that the Schannel authentication protocol suite provides thes protocols.

09: w displays who is logged in and what they are doing.

10: A partition table is a 64-BYTE data structure that proviedes info about ones computer operating system and about the the devision of harddrives.
  : fdisk is a partition maintence program.
  : -l is for listing.

11: df displays free disk space. Has many options.

12: du displays the disk usage statistics.
  : -c is grand total.

13: top display and update sorted

14: & operator runs proceses in the background
  : TAIL displays the contents of the file.
  : -f couses the fail to not stop at the end of the file is reached.

15: pkill funds or signals processes by name.
  : Searches the process table on the running system and signals all process that match criteria given on the command line.

16: Cron is a daemon to execute scheduled commands.
  : Its launched when it sees the existence of a crontab (/ect/crontab)file.
  : Once launched it searches through /usr/lib/cron/tabs for crontab files which are named after accounts in /etc/passwd;
  : It then wakese up every minute to examine all stored crontabs to see if it should run in hte current minute.
  : lastly cron wakes up every minute to see if its spool directorys modification time has changed.
  : Crontab is the program used to install, remove or list the tables used to drive the cron(8) daemon.

17: iptables are a user-space utility program that allows a system administrator to configure the tables provideed by the linux kernal firewall!
  : -L is to list all rules in the selected chain.

18: -A is a chainrule specification for appending.
  : -s Source address specification. Address can be either a network name, a hostname, a network IP address (with /mask), or a plain IP address. 
  : -j - Jump to the specified target. By default, iptables allows four targets: ACCEPT, REJECT, DROP, LOG.
  : ACCEPT - Accept the packet and stop processing rules in this chain.

19: -P (--policy chain target) sets a policy. The policy is to drop everything but the source address.
  : DROP - Silently ignore the packet, and stop processing rules in this chain.
